no you killed my mechanic I got the
ladies killed on the girl ran right into
my amex and and and and then yo talking
about the cookie yo we needs another
cookie cookie monster now my body eat it
up you're like a veggie monster nobody
just want to get million nobody just
want to touch it like nobody that happy
about a killer don't like you bitches
you're perceptive about to get it going
I'm about to go and tell them then i'ma
do it better than you've ever seen you
don't never designer bina jadeite am
loving when I may be slow in the back
end up in a flood when I'm drumming
attack never know but I be doing I'm
reckoning back liking me that caliber
pressure the trick that knowing that I
got it with these words spitting like a
virgin one coming in now slow winning
this game like you're going on down like
a ripper to a dream imma kill you you
know what I mean we're talking easy does
it your mother kills your mom fucking
put the eggs in your name like an
exorcism rectum this I Exodus and now
I'm neck addressing this I got the money
now so you can you can let this shit yo
I just never did right now you're with
Jake that stands imma kill them all dead
like they just hard to see I'm making
money increase man I'm by the global
finish gaming on my chili you know what
i'll be doing i'm the illest and never
the realest i'm making all the riches
get it going like a finish Gibby I'm
talking about the Gypsy trying to kill
me I'm a killer down my heart you know
what I mean you know when black gel
pills i'm gonna say all these gamertags
you know from real life have it with the
nudity i'm getting i'm like juicing
they're gonna give it going but you know
i got it loose and i'm gonna make a
bitch real news like a fuck surrender
pussy was so tight like a virgin on the
prom night not anymore you know why took
it up cause it's more i'm just getting
mellow mike marshmallow they just want
to get it but they never follow me like
I'm a fellow pitcher make you swallow so
you better go and get it in the center
like your hollow man i'm going there
slow inning like that is my endeavor I
want this shit forever your mom killing
all these rappers in this game right now
yo Jake can't remember the name down huh
yo let's go savage one savage Garko key
monsters like three times yeah I heard
like your name like three times no sorry
I don't write people that say that name
three times that just shows that they're
amateurs
oh they and I don't wrap amateurs cuz
you know I'm a pro all right let's
you're right lit lit lit your line in
which airline let's hear their line is
also an amateur this doesn't name like
six times because I don't like people
like that
are you a rap battle me or you can cry
about it I'm not talking about anything
I'd to go cuddle crunchers if I'm such
an amateur than it should be no problem
beating me huh Oh turn up turn up turn
up landed what the fuck yes right savage
that's your little bitch now I got three
sighs its did it yeah i wanna i want to
give you before i go cuz you know i
gotta get pick up ability to die kill
them fire people which month did this
decide just do one mind to one month I
can't do online I can fit wait more you
can spit way more go do you hear that
guys he could spit so much more I'm
going again oh here you go there he goes
your watch I can drop on the bars again
yo yo dropping at the bar like I dropped
another carve on your hand like a drop
this on your head like me talking to the
woman I brother little Wayne for your
little bit of rain now I'm talking about
the pain yo better give it your win so
many better than you're taking a bit and
what I do they can just a Sheamus and I
do it through like you see with
delusions your I gotta just confuse you
but I mother kill them all like that
especially cuz you just want to add it
up I never had enough my name is jay
guys dance mom fuck about to bring it up
never sing I displaying you off the map
like I'm just hoping laughs the game
call me pick you fuzzy but I guess you
like your mr. fantastic i'm gonna wrap
it around your head did your dad mom
fuck it didn't even know what I said you
would do the dread cuz I'm just coming
up i'm creeping up on blowing up now
like a minecraft creeper this is in the
bed cuz i call it as a secret put them
in a hole like I'm gonna fucking Cena
you know in my scene I'm a dinner with
that great fucking Amina I'm just
combing their meaning like my flow is
your we're hoping hoping with them you
and I came in your whole team but you
dope on a rope then you
picture get buffed up in the ass I'm
taking all the money and all this head
you're with Jayde got pants I'll leave
you with a rest rest you know blow I'm
gonna let her know about dr e girl
because she wore my Dubrow that's why
she sleeping at my house like evoke an
evil to trying to be rebellious never
telling shit i'm about to do this like
I'm alerting the games and everything
I'm doing while I'm bringing in the pain
rather remember my name you're with
Jayde action ID blagah that was so much
Spees I swear to God not just kidding
you're back